onions are amongst my most favorite
ingredients no matter whatever I'm
cooking Indian or international and
today I'll be making one of the most
delectable onion dishes that I have ever
known and that is onion rings the rings
are ready and now I'm going to make the
batter for that I'm going to use some
all-purpose flour and some corn flour
I'm going to tweak it a little bit
instead of rolling the onion rings in
the breadcrumbs I'm gonna add some in
the batter so I have some fresh bread
slices that are just crumbed
basically just grounded in the mix see
just a little bit and I'm also going to
add all the flavorings into the batter
so a little bit of heat with some red
chili powder some dry or ignore
salt to taste and a little hint of
garlic
mix all the dry ingredients a number
make the batter with some club soda
keep whisking
get rid of all the lumps
and this batter is ready and this is the
consistency that I need
and now I'm going to dip the Rings in
the batter
and I've already kept some oil to heat
and now I'm going to fry them
let's flip them over
get these out
these flavor onion rings can tickle the
taste buds of any onion lover like me so
go ahead and give it a try
subscribe to the channel see you next
time bye bye
you